Meenu Mohan
PYTHON DEVELOPER
Personal Profile
Muweilah
Sharjah, 
UAE
+971542451077
meenus0708@gmail.com
NATIONALITY
Indian
Links
LinkedIn
Skills
Python
Django
MySQL
Excel Macros
Data  Analysis
Power Bi
Fast learner
Hobbies
•Coding - Solving puzzles using 
programming ( Sudoku etc)
•Reading books- The Alchemist, 
The Monk who sold his ferrari, 
The Secret
Languages
English
Hindi
MalayalamProfessional Summary
Results-driven Python Software Developer with a passion for financial services, seek-
ing a challenging role to leverage my expertise in designing, developing, and maintain-
ing innovative financial software solutions. Eager to collaborate with cross-functional 
teams and utilize my proficiency in Python, Dash, Plotly, Docker, Kubernetes, SQL 
Server, and more to drive excellence in banking risk solutions.
Employment History
Junior Python Full Stack Developer Intern, Inmakes Infotech Pvt Ltd, 
Kochi, Kerala , India
0 7 / 2 0 2 3
•Developed and maintained back-end systems using Python and Django, in-
cluding database design, API development, and server-side logic.
•Applied expertise in Dash, Plotly, HTML,CSS , and JavaScriptto enhance 
front-end applications, resulting in interactive financial dashboards.
•Proficiency in SQL Server for database management and optimization.
•Collaborated with cross-functional teams to design, develop, and maintain 
financial software solutions, ensuring alignment with business objectives and 
client needs.
•Employed Python, NumPy, and pandas to develop data-driven applications, 
contributing to data analysis and decision support.
•Basic understanding of Azure or AWS cloud services.
Office Administrator, Sumer Diesel Trading, Dubai, UAE.
0 1 / 2 0 1 9  -  1 0 / 2 0 2 1
VBA Developer, Al Safi Chemicals Industries LLC, Sharjah, UAE
0 3 / 2 0 1 7  -  0 9 / 2 0 1 8
Administrative Assistant, Safe Energy FZE, Sharjah, UAE
0 9 / 2 0 1 6  -  0 2 / 2 0 1 7
Education
MTech Signal Processing, CUSAT, Kerala, India.
0 7 / 2 0 1 3  -  0 5 / 2 0 1 5
BTech , CUSAT, Kerala, India
0 7 / 2 0 0 8  -  0 5 / 2 0 1 2
Courses
Data Science with Python, Intellipaat
0 6 / 2 0 2 1  -  1 1 / 2 0 2 1
ProjectsEcommerce Website
The "Ecommerce Website" project is a robust and user-friendly online shopping plat-
form built using Django Python, designed to provide a seamless and secure shopping 
experience for customers. This web application offers a wide range of features for 
both buyers and sellers, with a focus on scalability, security, and user satisfaction.
The Movie  Rental store
The Movie Rental Store project is a web application that allows users to browse, rent, 
and manage movies. It is designed to mimic the functionality of an online movie rental 
service.
Analyzing the trends of Covid-19 with Python
From the given data of covid patients, visualized the impact and analyzed the trend of 
rate of infection and recovery as well as make predictions about the number of cases 
expected a week in future based on current trends.
Additional Information
Presently in UAE in Spouse Visa